Remove text about the deprecated payment method "basic-card" (#9212)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/payment_request_api/index.md

tags:
  - API
  - Commerce

>   - Credit Card

Reviewer: Remaining payment methods still use credit cards, so it should be OK to leave this line as-is.

Author: Done.

## Payment Request concepts and usage

> Many problems related to online shopping-cart abandonment can be traced to checkout forms, which can be difficult and time consuming to fill out and often require multiple steps to complete. The **Payment Request API** is meant to reduce the number of steps needed to complete a payment online, potentially doing away with checkout forms. It aims to make the checkout process easier, by having payment apps remembering a user's details, which are then passed along to a merchant hopefully without requiring a HTML form.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Many problems related to online shopping-cart abandonment can be traced to checkout forms, which can be difficult and time consuming to fill out and often require multiple steps to complete. The **Payment Request API** is meant to reduce the number of steps needed to complete a payment online, potentially doing away with checkout forms. It aims to make the checkout process easier, by having payment apps store a user's details, which are then passed along to a merchant, hopefully without requiring an HTML form.
```
